PAGE 1: 
## 

Every Hindusthani music piece is set to a specific 'raag', which
defines the basis of a melody. Raags provide performers with enormous
room for improvization. Hence, in spite of the word 'classical' in
Hindustani classical music, it is closer to jazz than it is to western
classical music.

A full-fledged performance of a raag typically starts with an `alaap'
or abstract improvization based on the raag without any lyrics or
percussion. The next phase is the `bandish' or the song set to the
raag along with percussion (usually tabla) accompaniment in a specific
'taal' or rhythmic cycle, followed by 'vistar', an extended alaap in
the middle of the song to build upon the melody of the raag in a more
elaborate fashion. The performance culminates in 'taans' or 'sargams',
the rhythmic fast-paced rendition of the specific notes used in the
raag. An elaborate raag performance can often last for well over an hour.

We will begin our program with two classical pieces, followed by some lighter songs and a tabla performance.

PAGE 2:
####
Program:

Raag Bageshri set to Teen Taal (16 beats) sung by Sanghamitra
Neogi, accompanied by Murali Haran on the tabla. Song: "Kaun
karata tori binati".

Raag Puriya Dhanashri set to Teen Taal (16 beats) sung by Mohit
Nayyar, accompanied by Piyush Thakre on the tabla. Song: "Payaliya
jhanakar".

"Dhitung dhitung bole" set to Dadra Taal (6 beats) sung by
Sanghamitra Neogi, accompanied by Piyush Thakre.

"Khelata shyama" set to Rupak Taal (7 beats) sung by Mohit
Nayyar, accompanied by Murali Haran.

Teen Taal performed by Piyush Thakre and Murali Haran.

"Damadam mast kalandar" set to Kairva Taal (8 beats) sung by
Sanghamitra Neogi accompanied by Piyush Thakre.

###
Aaroh Performers:

Mohit Nayyar (vocals), originally from Jaipur, Rajasthan (northwestern
  India), is a graduate student in the Department of Physics at Penn State.

Sanghamitra Neogi (vocals), originally from Jalpaiguri, West Bengal
(eastern India) is a graduate student in the Department of Physics at
Penn State.

Piyush Thakre (tabla), originally from Napgur, Maharashtra (central
India) is a graduate student in the Department of Mechanical
Engineering at Penn State.

Murali Haran (tabla), originally from Delhi (northern India), is a
member of the faculty of the Department of Statistics at Penn State.

The four members of aaroh have received formal training in classical
music for a varying number of years (4-6), typically during their
early teens, but have continued to perform and practice on their own
ever since. They have been practising together as a group for the past
year.
