Complete list of movies by Alfred Hitchcock (from MysteryNet.com)

*The Lodger (1926 - Silent)
Starring: Ivor Novello and Marie Ault
Taut thriller of a lodger accused of murder by a jealous detective.

The Ring (1927 - Silent)
Starring: Carl Brisson and Ian Hunter
Jealous lovers and an angry prizefighter combine in this suspenseful film.

Easy Virtue (1927 - Silent)
Starring: Isabel Jeans and Ian Hunter
Drama of a woman torn between her alcoholic husband and suicidal lover.

Champagne (1928 - Silent)
Starring: Betty Balfour and Gordon Harker
Gorgeous cinematography and classic story of a rich father trying to teach his daughter an important lesson make this a must-see for many Hitchcock fans.

The Farmer's Wife (1928 - Silent)
Starring: Jameson Thomas and Lillian Hall-Davies
A farmer, his wife, and the housekeeper in a classic romantic triangle.

Manxman (1929)
Starring: Carl Brisson and Anny Ondra
Timeless story of love and betrayal on the Isle of Man.

Blackmail (1929)
Starring: Anny Ondra and John Longden
First British sound picture features tale of a blackmailed Scotland Yard inspector.

Juno and the Paycock (1930)
Starring: Sara Allgood and Edward Chapman
Adaptation of Sean O'Casey's seriocomic play of life in Dublin slums.

Murder! (1930)
Starring: Herbert Marshall and Nora Baring
When a lone juror believes the defendant in a murder trial is innocent, he's determined to find the real killer himself.

Skin Game (1931)
Starring: Edmund Gwenn and Jill Esmond
Two families-- one wealthy, one poor-- battle over land in this saga.

Rich and Strange (1932)
Starring: Henry Kendall and Joan Barry
A leisurely trip around the world for a wealthy couple is interrupted by a shipwreck.

Number 17 (1932)
Starring: Leon M. Lion and Anne Grey
This comic thriller follows the escapades of a luckless hobo who happens on a thief's hidden fortune.

*The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934)
Starring: Leslie Banks and Edna Best
Political adventure-thriller of an American couple caught in an assassination plot later remade by Hitchcock himself.

*The 39 Steps (1935)
Starring: Madeleine Carroll and Robert Donat
Spies, murder and mistaken identity combine in this espionage thriller.

Secret Agent (1936)
Starring: Madeleine Carroll and John Gielgud
Tension-filled thriller explores spies in the English countryside.

Sabotage (1936)
Starring: Sylvia Sidney and Oscar Homolka
This comic thriller features a theater cashier who suspects her husband is a terrorist.

Young and Innocent (1937)
Starring: Derrick DeMarney and Nova Pilbeam
A man accused of an actress' murder is aided by a young woman in clearing his name.

The Lady Vanishes (1938)
Starring: Margaret Lockwood and Michael Redgrave
A woman is drawn into a web of intrigue when her companion on a train disappears.

*Jamaica Inn (1939)
Starring: Charles Laughton and Maureen O'Hara
Suspenseful melodrama focuses on daring orphan who uncovers smugglers' ring.

*Rebecca (1940)
Starring: Laurence Olivier and Joan Fontaine
Adaptation of Daphne Du Maurier's famous novel of a couple tormented by the presence of the husband's dead wife.

Foreign Correspondent (1940)
Starring: Joel McCrea and Laraine Day
An unsuspecting crime reporter gets swept up in an international espionage conspiracy in this fast-paced adventure.

Mr. & Mrs. Smith (1941)
Starring: Carole Lombard and Robert Montgomery
Hilarious screwball comedy about the merry mishaps that befall a couple after they discover they weren't legally married.

*Suspicion (1941)
Starring: Cary Grant and Joan Fontaine
Subtle suspense and fine-drawn tension in this mystery of a wealthy woman who suspects her playboy husband wants to murder her.

Saboteur (1942)
Starring: Priscilla Lane and Robert Cummings
False accusations of murder and sabotage leads to some surprising consequences in this chilling film.

*Shadow of a Doubt (1943)
Starring: Joseph Cotten and Teresa Wright
Woman suspects her loving uncle of murder. Hitchcock's own personal favorite.

Bon Voyage & Aventure Malgache (1944)
Starring: John Blythe
Directed by Hitchcock for the war effort in Britain during WWII, this pair of short films details a British pilot behind enemy lines.

Lifeboat (1944)
Starring: Tallulah Bankhead and William Bendix
Psychological thriller about survivors trapped on a lifeboat with limited supplies. Features nail biting suspense and fine performances.

Spellbound (1945)
Starring: Ingrid Bergman and Gregory Peck
An amnesiac impersonating a famous psychologist. The doctor who wants to save him-- even if he is guilty of murder.

*Notorious (1946)
Starring: Cary Grant and Ingrid Bergman
A classic tale of love and betrayal-- an FBI agent must send the woman he
loves to seduce a Nazi conspirator.

The Paradine Case (1947)
Starring: Gregory Peck and Alida Valli
Courtroom melodrama about a lawyer who falls for his client.

*Rope (1948)
Starring: James Stewart and Farley Granger
Compelling tale of murder between friends, famed for its basis on Leopold & Loeb case and experimental cinematography.

Under Capricorn (1949)
Starring: Ingrid Bergman and Joseph Cotten
Period drama details saga of an English lady who falls in love with her cousin.

Stage Fright (1950)
Starring: Jane Wyman and Marlene Dietrich
Drama student accused of murder must battle to prove her own innocence.

*Strangers on a Train (1951)
Starring: Farley Granger and Ruth Roman
A must-see classic, this tale of strangers who take on each other's murders builds to a nail-biting climax.

*I Confess (1953)
Starring: Montgomery Clift and Anne Baxter
Thoughtful character study of a priest who hears a murderer's confession-- only to fall under suspicion himself.

*Dial M for Murder (1954)
Starring: Ray Milland and Grace Kelly
An heiress and her husband's oh-so-perfect plot to kill her make up this taut thriller.

*Rear Window (1954)
Starring: James Stewart and Grace Kelly
One of the Master's finest-- a photographer laid up with a broken leg finds himself caught up in his neighbors' lives-- and one of their murders.

To Catch a Thief (1955)
Starring: Grace Kelly and Cary Grant
Romance and intrigue combine in a seaside resort when a reformed jewel thief is suspected of a rash of burglaries.

*The Trouble with Harry (1955)
Starring: Edmund Gwenn and John Forsythe
In this black comedy, a small town has a big problem-- a body that won't stay put.

The Wrong Man (1956)
Starring: Henry Fonda and Vera Miles
It's noir à la Hitchcock in this stark, gritty tale of a wrongly-accused jazz musician.

*The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956)
Starring: James Stewart and Doris Day
Hitchcock's edge-of-your-seat remake of his own 1934 movie involves Americans caught up in an assassination plot.

*Vertigo by Alfred Hitchcock (1958)
Starring: James Stewart and Kim Novak
Considered Hitchcock's masterpiece-- caught in a never-ending spiral of deception and obsession, a private detective must discover the truth behind the death of the woman he loved.

*North by Northwest (1959)
Starring: Cary Grant and Eva Marie Saint
Heart-stopping suspense abound in this tale of an innocent man mistaken for a notorious spy.

*Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock (1960)
Starring: Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh
The seminal horror film of a young man tormented by his past-- and his mother.

*The Birds (1963)
Starring: Rod Taylor and Tippi Hedren
Terror strikes out of nowhere when birds begin mysteriously attacking anyone and anything in their way.

*Marnie (1964)
Starring: Sean Connery and Tippi Hedren
A beautiful kleptomaniac and the man who loves her clash in this psychological thriller.

*Torn Curtain (1966)
Starring: Paul Newman and Julie Andrews
Bewildering his wife, friends, and colleagues, an American physicist defects-- or does he?

*Topaz (1969)
Starring: John Forsythe and Frederick Stafford
Danger and intrigue abound in this complex espionage thriller.

*Frenzy (1972)
Starring: Jon Finch and Barry Foster
The Master at his most shocking in this black comedy about a series of strangulations.

*Family Plot (1976)
Starring: Karen Black and Bruce Dern
A phony psychic faces off with a jewel thief in this thriller/comedy.
