ELAINE 

I'm a *day* person.
I don't think you're a clown. Not unless it's good to be a clown. In which case, you know, I'd have to rethink the whole thing.

You were just so... sen-si-tive.

(To Sue Ellen Mishky) I'm going to come to your wedding. And I'm bringing along my idiot friends.
Seinfeld: This is going to be great! 

[to snooty European dress saleswoman] Listen, Natasha!

Elaine: Can't you see what's happening? I'm becoming George.
Jerry: Don't say that.

GEORGE

(To Mr. Farcus, bra salesman, talking about his passion for bras): 2 cups in the front, 2 loops in the back, how do they do it?
Farcus: See you Monday at 9 O'Clock.
George: If you don't mind, Sir, I'll be here at 8.
 
Remember, it isn't a lie if you believe it.

Exchange between George and kid:
You're ugly.
That's what you think.
That's what I know.

(Hardselling computers) You want a computer? No? Why not? Good answer!

Jerry: You're good with the mothers.
George: Y'know, I'm better with the mothers than I am with the daughters.
Jerry: Maybe you should date the mothers.
George: Well, if I could talk to the mothers and have sex with the daughters, then I'd really have something goin'.
Jerry: Oh, you got something goin'.

KRAMER

Professor Van Nostrand, is it your contention that Shakespeare was an impostor?
Kramer (pretending to be Prof. Van Nostrand): Is that my contention? Yes, it's my contention.

I'm looking at you manjamba.

(After smashing all of George's computers): I owe you one, buddy.

A story like that's *got* to be true.

Do I smell? ... Pantene.

(At his job, where he isn't getting paid and doesn't know what he's doing)
Just, you know, TCB, taking care of business.
I'm bustin my hump for old man Leland.

With sniffing accountant, trying to find out if he does drugs.
Kramer: Oh yeah, I've been known to drink a beer or two. But then again, I've been known to do a lot of things.

Kramer: Cigarette?
Accountant: No, I never touch them.
Kramer: I suck'em down like Coca-Cola. Well here's to feeling good all the time. 

[About to eat a very old, stale hotdog in an old theater.] Perfectly sane food! ..... Interesting texture. Rawwwwl. (throwing up).

Marriage is a man made prison. When you get home, she's there. You
can't watch t.v. ... You have to talk about your day. Did you have a
good day today or a bad day? I don't know, how was your day?

Up here I'm already gone.

Who is this Joe Mayo I keep hearing about? And frankly, the name sounds -made- -up-.

JERRY 
Shut up you old bag! (Marble Rye episode)

(To Mike Moffit/Parking Space) What? Like you didn't call me a phony?

Not that there's anything wrong with it.

Could you please conduct this psychopath convention elsewhere?

Why don't you just put some walls around this place and call it a lunatic asylum? No one would know the difference!

But I don't wanna be a cowboy!

NEWMAN 

Newman: Pretty hot under these lights eh, Seinfeld? -- Newman (having
accidentally set the spotlight onto his own face) Jerry: Actually, I'm
pretty comfortable.

We will cut the bike in half.... Only the bike's true owner would be willing to part with it.

Oh how I've longed for this moment, Seinfeld. The day when I would have the proof I needed, to haul you out of your cushy lair. And expose you to the light of justice. As the monster that you are. A monster so vile.  [Boss: Newman!]

Let me be perfectly blunt. I don't care for you, Costanza. You hang out on the west side of the building with Seinfeld all day, laughing it up, wasting your lives.  [The Calzone https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySGGNYw_0Bo#t=00m44s]


Jerry? He wouldn't know beauty if it bludgeoned him over the head.

Nice game, pretty boy. (Insulting Keith Hernandez after his error.)

ESTELLE COSTANZA 

We're all sitting there like idiots, without a piece of cake.

George's mom when he calls to say he's engaged.
Estelle: Congratulations!
Susan: Mrs. Costanza, I just wanted to tell you that I really really love your son.
Estelle: May I ask why?

(About Frank trying on a "mansierre")
I don't remember him trying out any of my underwear when he lived with
me all these years. He moves out and now he's become J.Edgar Hoover.

Colleague (as George stuffs his face with shrimp): Hey George, the ocean called. They're running out of shrimp.
George: Oh yeah, well the jerk store called and they're running out of you.


FRANK COSTANZA 

After George loses a job opportunity because he touched a woman's jacket: Whatever happened to my, what a pretty dress you have on. May I have this dance?!

I'm back, bay-bee!

(to Elaine): You want a piece of me? You got it!

PUDDY

Elaine (seeing that Puddy has painted his chest before a hockey game): I thought you said you wouldn't paint your face.
(Pointing to his chest): This, as you can see, is not my face.

Elaine: That's so stupid.
Puddy: Oh yeah, I'll tell you what's stupid. You, stupid.

MISCELLANEOUS

Peterman (at eulogy for made up person Suzie): I remember late one night, Suzie and me, succumbed to temptation. And it was pretty good.

Maybe that turns you on, Seinfeld.... But let me tell you something joy boy. (The Librarian, Mr. Bookman)

Pressed chest, fleshed out west. Might be the savior, or a garden pest. -- Marion (The Librarian)

I thought you said you was bringing a white boy home. I don't see a white boy. I see a damn fool. (The Wife, 1994)

No soup for you!

I prefer to call her --E-laine-.

Won't talk to anyone, eh? Well, she's talking a blue streak, Jack!

The stupidest guy in my fraternity became an architect after flunking out of dental school. (Stephen Corin episode)

Isn't an architect just someone with a titled desk and a big ruler?

Have you ever taken a bath, in the dark?

You know Jeery, I don't know sometimes...

Big Yerry making big mistake, Yerry. (Marcelino)

Weirdo mannequin maker, referring to his favorite mannequin: I prefer to call her... Elaine.
These are worth like a lot of money (referring to Frank's TV Guide collection) 
Hey, you can't talk to her like that! Let's go, Elaine.

