The tips below may make emacs look more complicated to use than it
really is. As you use it more frequently, you will discover that these
commands become automatic and much more convenient than 'pointing and
clicking'.

Emacs commands: You can often type in commands in the command line at the bottom of
your emacs window; if there are errors or other problems, emacs will
often communicate with you via the same command line. 

Getting emacs to recognize your code: You must use '.tex' and '.R' as
filename extensions to let emacs know you are typing latex and R
respectively.

Syntax highlighting: Sometimes emacs may not highlight your text even
though it understands that you are typing latex or R code. To
highlight latex (or code), select "Syntax highlighting" under the
"Options menu.

###
Emacs key commands:

A lot of the commands I list below can be easily found from the pull
down menus as well. Once you get better with emacs, you will want to
avoid using pulldown menus and simply use keyboard driven commands
instead.

Find (string): Ctrl-s then type in whatever you are looking
for. Repeatedly pressing Ctrl-S will find further instances of this in
the file, Ctrl-r will do the same but look backwards in the document.

Cancel: Anytime you are in trouble or stuck and want to cancel whatever you
have inadvertently asked emacs to do for you, you can exit/escape
using Ctrl-g (Ctrl-g = pressing Ctrl key while typing the letter 'g').

Undo: Ctrl-_ , i.e. Ctrl and shift/underscore key at the same time

Cut a line: Ctrl-k

Paste a line: Ctrl-y

Save file: Ctrl-x-s
Find/load a new file: Ctrl-x-f   then type the name/path of the file

If you want to switch between two split windows in emacs: Ctrl-c-o
('O' as in "Other", not the number '0') Kill all windows but the
current one: Ctrl-x-1

Query-replace: Esc-query-replace (Escape key followed by x) then type
"query-replace" and it will prompt you for the string you want to
replace then prompt you again for the string you want it to be
replaced by. It will prompt you one word at a time --- if you type
'y', it will replace it, if you type 'n', it will not replace it,
moving on to the next word it finds.

Find-replace: Esc-x (Escape key followed by x) then type
"replace-string" and it will prompt you for the string you want to
replace then prompt you again for the string you want it to be
replaced by. It will automatically find-replace through the entire
document, without prompting you each time.

To wrap long lines into a paragraph: Esc-q (Escape key, followed by q,
not at the same time).
###

Compiling latex through emacs:
If you have auc-tex set up correctly, you can even use emacs to
directly compile your latex: Ctrl-c-t-p to switch to pdflatex mode ---
now, any time you say Ctrl-c-c, pdflatex will automatically compile
your latex into a pdf file. Ctrl-c-t-p again will bring you back to
regular latex mode.

Alternatively, you can use regular latex mode and type: Ctrl-c-c to
compile code into a '.dvi' file. This dvi file can be converted into a
ps file.
###
